feat(source-bing-ads): add documentation about bulk streams sync date (#61434)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/bing-ads.md

### Troubleshooting

- Check out common troubleshooting issues for the Bing Ads source connector on our [Airbyte Forum](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions).

> - Bulk streams (Ad Group Labels,App Install Ads, App Install Ad Labels, Campaign Labels, Keywords, Keyword Labels, Labels, Budgets) will ignore (fallback none) the LastSyncTimeInUTC for dates > 30 days ago, which also will cause request a full download.

Author: Not a regression, just explaining behavior already existed in python version of t he connector, we can refine later.

I think we could instead use the last sync time as a value, but we would need to make some changes to the cursor. Anyway not a priority right now.

> - Bulk streams (Ad Group Labels,App Install Ads, App Install Ad Labels, Campaign Labels, Keywords, Keyword Labels, Labels, Budgets) will ignore (fallback none) the LastSyncTimeInUTC for dates > 30 days ago, which also will cause request a full download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bulk streams (Ad Group Labels, App Install Ads, App Install Ad Labels, Campaign Labels, Keywords, Keyword Labels, Labels, Budgets) will ignore (fallback: none) the `LastSyncTimeInUTC` for dates > 30 days ago, which will trigger a full download request.
```

Author: 🫡
